Set MSRV to 1.76 (#871)
knurling-rs/defmt: README.md

[Application Setup guide]: https://defmt.ferrous-systems.com/setup.html

## MSRV

> The minimum supported Rust version is 1.76, which is Ferrocene 24.05.

Author: What do you think about this?

```suggestion
The minimum supported Rust version is 1.76 (Ferrocene 24.05). `defmt` is tested against the latest stable Rust version and the MSRV.
```

> The minimum supported Rust version is 1.76, which is Ferrocene 24.05.

Reviewer: Looks good, could we say `(or Ferrocene 24.05)` to really ephasize either works?
